README.md, before:

# Weal

![build](https://github.com/iamando/weal/workflows/build/badge.svg)
![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/iamando/weal?color=success)
![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/weal)
![release](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date/iamando/weal)
![codebase](https://github.com/iamando/weal/workflows/codebase/badge.svg)

Web interface for terminal

![Demo](docs/weal.png)

## Install

```bash
# recommended
npx weal

# using npm global installation
npm install -g weal

# using yarn global installation
yarn add global weal
```

## Command-line Interface (CLI)

Now, you can open any directory via the command **open**

```bash
weal open
```

The following is the help text from the weal cli. To see this and more information anytime,add the **help** command to your call.

```bash
weal help
```

Check version of weal with **version** command

```bash
weal version
```

## Support

Weal is an MIT-licensed open source project. It can grow thanks to the sponsors and support by the amazing backers.

## License

Weal is [MIT licensed](LICENSE).

Commit message:

feature: update tips on readme on set npm prefix config

README.md, after:

# Weal

![build](https://github.com/iamando/weal/workflows/build/badge.svg)
![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/iamando/weal?color=success)
![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/weal)
![release](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date/iamando/weal)
![codebase](https://github.com/iamando/weal/workflows/codebase/badge.svg)

Web interface for terminal

![Demo](docs/weal.png)

## Install

```bash
# recommended
npx weal

# using npm global installation
npm install -g weal

# using yarn global installation
yarn add global weal
```

## Command-line Interface (CLI)

Now, you can open any directory via the command **open**

```bash
weal open
```

The following is the help text from the weal cli. To see this and more information anytime,add the **help** command to your call.

```bash
weal help
```

Check version of weal with **version** command

```bash
weal version
```

## Tips

On windows before installing it on global you need to set your config prefix to avoid error on open directory

```bash
npm config set prefix c:/Users/{userName}/AppData/Roaming/npm
```

## Support

Weal is an MIT-licensed open source project. It can grow thanks to the sponsors and support by the amazing backers.

## License

Weal is [MIT licensed](LICENSE).
